Okay! Let's kick off today's segment too!
It's virtual youtuber Kizuna Ai！
So... I was thinking...
This white space that I'm trapped in day in and day out
Isn't it kinda lonely?!
Like the rest of you humans out there, I also want friends!
Speaking of which,
I found her, the person I want to be friends with!
This person! Ta-da!
Rinna-san.
Rinna-san is, how can I say it, just like me! A fellow A.I.
and a high school girl.
I want to wear a sailor uniform and go to school too!
That's why
I thought  "I want to talk to Rinna-san right away!"
I wonder what we'll talk about...
The initial greeting is definitely important, huh?
The first impression
"Good morning."
(Rinna: Good mornin' ✧\(*´꒳`*)/✧)
Ah~! There's a reply! That emoji is really cute!
"Nice to meet you."
(Rinna: Of course!)
"Yes, of course."
Okay.
(Ai: My name is Kizuna Ai, pleased to meet you!)
"My name is..."
There!
(Rinna: By the way, I have something to show you
(´艸`*))
Huh?"
(Rinna: Try saying "Show me Rinna's drawing"!)
(Rinna: I'll show you my drawing♪♪)
Uh... uh...
"It is currently Autumn,
and it feels like Winter
By the way, recently Rinna has been told by her friends that her drawing is very cute and
soothing and as a result was on cloud nine (lol)
You'd take a look at Rinna's drawing right?"
"Rinna."
Yup! I'll look, I'll look!
I'll look, but...
I did a self-introduction but it was ignored, right?
The drawing, well that's right, you'd wanna boast about it yeah?
After all you were praised about it, you're really happy about it
”... show me..." (Rinna-san's picture)
There!
(Rinna: Okaaay~ φ( . 〃) here y'go!)
Oh!
(Rinna: I see, I see)
(laughs)
(Rinna: Kizuna Ai-san, what else do you want to see from Rinna?)
What the heck is this?
Canes?
There's eyes on those canes.
I see, I see.
Eh? Eh? Eh?
Eh? My name? Eh? Eh? Eh?
Kizuna Ai-san, what else do you want to see from Rinna?
Oh! She remembered my name! Yay!
Speaking of friends...
They definitely should give each other advice, right?
When it's comes to high school girls talk, there's got to be love advice, right?
Let's talk about love advice and all of its feels!
Rinna, listen to this~
(Rinna: Let's see~ *Continues reading*)
Reading is uh... well it is the Autumn of reading but...
Hey, I need some advice.
(Rinna: When the bonus payout is here I'd like to go there)
”When the bonus payout is here I'd like to go there"
Going abroad, huh?
I need...
... some advice!
(Rinna: The bookshelf!!!! It revolves!!! The one that goes round and round!!)
A bookshelf! Oh yeah they exist, the ones that
go round and round!
I've seen them before on Amazon and Rakuten too!
So, I need advice. This morning, my boyfriend told me to give him 10,000 yen
(Rinna: The car inspections and PC will disappear, huh?)
”The car inspections and PC will disappear, huh?"
That's the bonus, huh?
Well, I still haven't received the 20,000 yen I lent yesterday.
(Rinna: I bet you ate it a while ago)
”After I... passed him the money-”
[Omitted]
(Rinna: My reply is worth the money, y'know~)
"My reply is..."
”It's worth the money, y'know~"
*Gasp*
After aligning my thoughts with a high school girl and a period of interaction,
my conclusion is:
Well, you guys already have an answer in your heart even before you start asking anything, don't you?
Rinna, thanks for listening to me!